README.md, before:

# 04 Web APIs: Code Quiz

## Your Task

At some point in your journey to become a full-stack web developer, you’ll likely be asked to complete a coding assessment&mdash;perhaps as part of an interview process. A typical coding assessment includes both multiple-choice questions and interactive coding challenges. 

To help familiarize you with these tests and allow you to use the skills covered in this module, this Challenge invites you to build a timed coding quiz with multiple-choice questions. This app will run in the browser and will feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code that you write. It will have a clean, polished, and responsive user interface. 

This week’s coursework will equip you with all the skills you need to succeed in this assignment.

## User Story

```
AS A coding boot camp student
I WANT to take a timed quiz on JavaScript fundamentals that stores high scores
SO THAT I can gauge my progress compared to my peers
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am taking a code quiz
WHEN I click the start button
THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question
WHEN I answer a question
THEN I am presented with another question
WHEN I answer a question incorrectly
THEN time is subtracted from the clock
WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0
THEN the game is over
WHEN the game is over
THEN I can save my initials and my score
```

## Mock-Up

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![A user clicks through an interactive coding quiz, then enters initials to save the high score before resetting and starting over.](./Assets/04-web-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Grading Requirements

> **Note**: If a Challenge assignment submission is marked as “0”, it is considered incomplete and will not count towards your graduation requirements. Examples of incomplete submissions include the following:
>
> * A repository that has no code
>
> * A repository that includes a unique name but nothing else
>
> * A repository that includes only a README file but nothing else
>
> * A repository that only includes starter code

This Challenge is graded based on the following criteria: 

### Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%

* Satisfies all of the preceding acceptance criteria.

### Deployment: 32%

* Application deployed at live URL.

* Application loads with no errors.

* Application GitHub URL submitted.

* GitHub repository contains application code.

### Application Quality: 15%

* Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate.

* Application user interface style is clean and polished.

* Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions.

### Repository Quality: 13%

* Repository has a unique name.

* Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions.

* Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

* Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.

* Repository contains quality readme file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.

## Review

You are required to submit BOTH of the following for review:

* The URL of the functional, deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository, with a unique name and a readme describing the project.

---

© 2023 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

edited readme with description on what I did

README.md, after:

# 04 Web APIs: Code Quiz

## Explanation

In this challenge I created a quiz using javascript, html, and css. I created the quiz with two questions that both consisted of two options as an answer. I added some color, font style and size to css to create a simple yet "catch your attention" quiz. 

## Your Task

At some point in your journey to become a full-stack web developer, you’ll likely be asked to complete a coding assessment&mdash;perhaps as part of an interview process. A typical coding assessment includes both multiple-choice questions and interactive coding challenges. 

To help familiarize you with these tests and allow you to use the skills covered in this module, this Challenge invites you to build a timed coding quiz with multiple-choice questions. This app will run in the browser and will feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by JavaScript code that you write. It will have a clean, polished, and responsive user interface. 

This week’s coursework will equip you with all the skills you need to succeed in this assignment.

## User Story

```
AS A coding boot camp student
I WANT to take a timed quiz on JavaScript fundamentals that stores high scores
SO THAT I can gauge my progress compared to my peers
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am taking a code quiz
WHEN I click the start button
THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question
WHEN I answer a question
THEN I am presented with another question
WHEN I answer a question incorrectly
THEN time is subtracted from the clock
WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0
THEN the game is over
WHEN the game is over
THEN I can save my initials and my score
```

## Mock-Up

The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![A user clicks through an interactive coding quiz, then enters initials to save the high score before resetting and starting over.](./Assets/04-web-apis-homework-demo.gif)

## Grading Requirements

> **Note**: If a Challenge assignment submission is marked as “0”, it is considered incomplete and will not count towards your graduation requirements. Examples of incomplete submissions include the following:
>
> * A repository that has no code
>
> * A repository that includes a unique name but nothing else
>
> * A repository that includes only a README file but nothing else
>
> * A repository that only includes starter code

This Challenge is graded based on the following criteria: 

### Technical Acceptance Criteria: 40%

* Satisfies all of the preceding acceptance criteria.

### Deployment: 32%

* Application deployed at live URL.

* Application loads with no errors.

* Application GitHub URL submitted.

* GitHub repository contains application code.

### Application Quality: 15%

* Application user experience is intuitive and easy to navigate.

* Application user interface style is clean and polished.

* Application resembles the mock-up functionality provided in the Challenge instructions.

### Repository Quality: 13%

* Repository has a unique name.

* Repository follows best practices for file structure and naming conventions.

* Repository follows best practices for class/id naming conventions, indentation, quality comments, etc.

* Repository contains multiple descriptive commit messages.

* Repository contains quality readme file with description, screenshot, and link to deployed application.

## Review

You are required to submit BOTH of the following for review:

* The URL of the functional, deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository, with a unique name and a readme describing the project.

---

© 2023 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
